Migrating `chain-integration` content  to `chain-docs` (#195)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/resources/blocks-and-transactions.md

    - [1. Mint](#_1-mint)
    - [2. Block Rewards](#_2-block-rewards)
    - [3. Proposer Rewards](#_3-proposer-rewards)
    - [4. Commissions](#_4-commissions)
  - [Common Transaction Details](#common-transaction-details)
    - [1. Block Height](#_1-block-height)
    - [2. Transaction Hash](#_2-transaction-hash)
    - [3. Transaction Fee](#_3-transaction-fee)
    - [4. Assets and Amount](#_4-assets-and-amount)
      - [1. Single object](#_1-single-object)
      - [2. Array](#_2-array)
      - [3. String](#_3-string)
  - [Bank](#bank)
    - [1. MsgSend](#_1-msgsend)
    - [2. MsgMultiSend](#_2-msgmultisend)
  - [Distribution](#distribution)
    - [1. MsgSetWithdrawAddress](#_1-msgsetwithdrawaddress)
    - [2. MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_2-msgwithdrawdelegatorreward)
    - [3. MsgWithdrawValidatorCommission](#_3-msgwithdrawvalidatorcommission)
    - [4. MsgFundCommunityPool](#_4-msgfundcommunitypool)
  - [Staking](#staking)
    - [1. MsgCreateValidator](#_1-msgcreatevalidator)
    - [2. MsgEditValidator](#_2-msgeditvalidator)
    - [3. MsgDelegate](#_3-msgdelegate)
    - [4. MsgBeginRedelegate](#_4-msgbeginredelegate)
    - [5. MsgUndelegate](#_5-msgundelegate)

>     - [5b. Upon MsgUndelegate completed](#_5b-upon-msgundelegate-completed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [5a. Upon MsgUndelegate completed](#_5b-upon-msgundelegate-completed)
```

  - [Slashing](#slashing)
    - [1. MsgUnjail](#_1-msgunjail)
    - [2. Being Jailed and Slashed](#_2-being-jailed-and-slashed)
      - [Liveness](#liveness)
      - [Double Sign](#double-sign)
      - [Limitations](#limitations)
  - [Governance](#governance)
    - [1. MsgSubmitProposal](#_1-msgsubmitproposal)

>     - [1b. Community Pool Spend Proposal](#_1b-community-pool-spend-proposal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [1a. Community Pool Spend Proposal](#_1b-community-pool-spend-proposal)
```

    - [2. MsgDeposit](#_2-msgdeposit)
    - [2a. Burn Proposal's Deposit if Proposal does not Get Enough Deposit](#_2a-burn-proposals-deposit-if-proposal-does-not-get-enough-deposit)
    - [2b. Return Proposal's Deposit](#_2b-return-proposals-deposit)
    - [2c. Burn Proposal's Deposit](#_2c-burn-proposals-deposit)
    - [3. MsgVote](#_3-msgvote)
    - [4. Proposal Result](#_4-proposal-result)
  - [Appendix: Module Accounts on Mainnet](#appendix-module-accounts-on-mainnet)

> ## Common APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Tendermint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I will keep it as the common APIs examples provide are
- Tendermint-type (port `26657`); and
- Cosmos-type  (port `1317`).

3. Multiple events in a single search is queried by `AND` condition. i.e If you do `tx.height` and `message.sender`. It will search for transactions that happened on that particular block height **AND** signed by the sender.

[Top](#table-of-content)

## Common Block Details

Most of the block events can be accessed using the [Tendermint Block Results API](#_2-tendermint-block-results-api). One caveat of using this API is that all the events key-value attributes are base64 encoded. Therefore it is **non-human readable**.

A simple Node.js tool has been written to help parse and decode all key-value attributes in the block results API response. It can be downloaded at [https://github.com/calvinaco/cosmos-api-tools](https://github.com/calvinaco/cosmos-api-tools).

::: tip Usage example:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/calvinaco/cosmos-api-tools
$ cd cosmos-api-tools
$ node block-results-decoder.js "https://mainnet.crypto.org:26657/block_results?height=10000"
```
:::
Note that when you integrate with the API you should still base64 decode the attributes programmatically.

### 1. Mint

> In every block, CRO is minted and offered to the active validators and their delegators as block rewards. The actual minted token is subject to inflation and is adjusted every block. Further details on the miniting parameters and configuration can be found [here](https://crypto.org/docs/chain-details/module_overview.html#mint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In every block, CRO is minted and offered to the active validators and their delegators as block rewards. The actual minted token is subject to inflation and is adjusted every block. Further details on the miniting parameters and configuration can be found [here](https://crypto.org/docs/chain-details/module_overview.html#mint).
```

> Minted tokens are distributed as block and proposer rewards in the same block. However, since Cosmos SDK do the [lazy rewards calculation and collection](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/modules/distribution/), the minted tokens are first sent to "Distribution" module account and is later transferred to an account when a deleagtor withdraws the rewards or commissions by sending a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_2-msgwithdrawdelegatorreward) or [MsgWithdrawValidatorCommission](#_3-msgwithdrawvalidatorcommission).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minted tokens are distributed as block and proposer rewards in the same block. However, since Cosmos SDK does the [lazy rewards calculation and collection](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/modules/distribution/), the minted tokens are first sent to the "Distribution" module account and are later transferred to an account when a delegator withdraws the rewards or commissions by sending a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_2-msgwithdrawdelegatorreward) or [MsgWithdrawValidatorCommission](#_3-msgwithdrawvalidatorcommission).
```

> So [Block Rewards](#_2-block-rewards), [Proposer Rewards](#_3-proposer-rewards) and [Commissions](#_4-commissions) events are for record keeping only and does not represent any actual token transfer between accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So [Block Rewards](#_2-block-rewards), [Proposer Rewards](#_3-proposer-rewards) and [Commissions](#_4-commissions) events are for record-keeping only and do not represent any actual token transfer between accounts.
```

| Accessor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Type                          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| `Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value)`<br />where<br />`Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].type) === "mint" && Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "amount"` | [Asset String](#asset-string) |

### 2. Block Rewards

In every block, mint tokens and transaction fees are distributed to every active validator in the network. As a result, there will be multiple events, each corresponding to a validator and the rewards it receives.

> Block rewards are **not** credited to the delegator account directly. This event serve as record keeping purpose only. Each delegator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_2-msgwithdrawdelegatorreward) message transaction to collect the rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block rewards are **not** credited to the delegator account directly. This event serves as a record-keeping purpose only. Each delegator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_2-msgwithdrawdelegatorreward) message transaction to collect the rewards.
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| Validator Address | `Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value)`<br />where<br />`Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].type) === "rewards" && Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "validator"` | [Asset String](#asset-string) |
| Reward Amount     | `Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value)`<br />where<br />`Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].type) === "rewards" && Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "amount"`    | String                        |

### 3. Proposer Rewards

> Block proposer can get extra transaction fees bonus for the block they have successfully proposed. More detial can be found [here](https://crypto.org/docs/chain-details/module_overview.html#transaction-fees-bonus) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block proposers can get extra transaction fees bonus for the block they have successfully proposed. More details can be found [here](https://crypto.org/docs/chain-details/module_overview.html#transaction-fees-bonus) for reference.
```

> Similar to block rewards, proposer rewards are **not** credited to the account directly. This event serve as record keeping purpose only. Each validator creator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_3-msgwithdrawvalidatorcommission) message transaction to collect the rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to block rewards, proposer rewards are **not** credited to the account directly. This event serves as a record-keeping purpose only. Each validator creator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawDelegatorReward](#_3-msgwithdrawvalidatorcommission) message transaction to collect the rewards.
```

| Validator Address | `Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value)`<br />where<br />`Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].type) === "proposer_reward" && Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "validator"` | [Asset String](#asset-string) |
| Reward Amount     | `Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value)`<br />where<br />`Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].type) === "proposer_reward" && Base64Decode(result.begin_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "amount"`    | String                        |

### 4. Commissions

Validator can charge commission to the block rewards received by delegators. Commissions is already included in [Block Rewards](#_2-block-rewards) and [Proposer Rewards](#_3-proposer-rewards)

> Similar to block rewards, commission rewards are **not** credited to the account directly. This event serve as record keeping purpose only. Each validator creator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawValidatorCommission](#msg-withdraw-validator-commission) message transaction to collect the rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Similar to block rewards, commission rewards are **not** credited to the account directly. This event serves as a record-keeping purpose only. Each validator creator account must explicitly send a [MsgWithdrawValidatorCommission](#msg-withdraw-validator-commission) message transaction to collect the rewards.
```

### 3. Transaction Fee

- [Cosmos Transaction Query API](#_3-cosmos-transaction-query-api): `tx.auth_info.fee.amount`
- [Cosmos Transaction Search API](#_4-cosmos-transaction-search-api): `tx[index].auth_info.fee.amount`

Transaction fee is an [Asset Array](#_2-array), meaning that a transaction can pay fee in more than one token types.

### 4. Assets and Amount

There are mainly two types of assets and amount representation:

#### 1. Single object

This is commonly seen in `staking` module but may appear in other module as well. It represents a single token type.

**Example**

```json
{
  "denom": "basecro",
  "amount": "10000"
}
```

where `denom` is the asset type and `amount` is the amount and `basecro` is the basic unit of CRO token (where 10^8 `basecro` = 1 cro)

Note that the `amount` is always in string for precision accuracy. Please make sure your language is capable to handle big integer number.It is highly recommended to use library similar to [bignumber.js](https://mikemcl.github.io/bignumber.js/) in your language to handle the `amount`.

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### 2. Array

This is commonly seen in most message types. It represents a list of tokens.

> At the time of writing there will only be a single entry in this array because `basecro` (or `basetcro` in Croeseid Testnet) is the only supported asset on Crypto.org Chain. However, after IBC transfer and other coins issuance methods are enabled, there will be more asset types, the coin source tracing and their denomination can be found in [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/adr-001-coin-source-tracing.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
At the time of writing there will only be a single entry in this array because `basecro` (or `basetcro` in Croeseid Testnet) is the only supported asset on Crypto.org Chain. However, after IBC transfer and other coins issuance methods are enabled, there will be more asset types, the coin source tracing and their denomination can be found [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/adr-001-coin-source-tracing.md)
```

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Details

| Detail                | Accessor                                                                             | Type                          |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| Transaction Type      | `tx.body.messages[message_index]["@type"] === "/cosmos.staking.v1beta1.MsgDelegate"` | String                        |
| Delegate From Address | `tx.body.messages[message_index].delegator_address`                                  | String                        |
| Delegate To Validator | `tx.body.messages[message_index].validator_address`                                  | String                        |
| Delegate Amount       | `tx.body.messages[message_index].amount`                                             | [Asset Object](#_1-single-object) |

[Top](#table-of-content)

### 4. MsgBeginRedelegate

> - **Descriptions:** : Perform a redelegation of coins from a delegator and source validator to a destination validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Descriptions**: Perform a redelegation of coins from a delegator and source validator to a destination validator.
```

>     Note that the redelegation is just a record update of the internal state of a delegator' staked funds. The delegator account won't have any funds movement based on the redelegation except.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the redelegation is just a record update of the internal state of a delegator's staked funds. The delegator account won't have any funds movement based on the redelegation except.
```

>     There is a side effect of `MsgBeginRedelegate`, upon successful execution of this message, all the rewards of the delegator from previous (source) validator will be withdrew automatically to the delegator account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There is a side effect of `MsgBeginRedelegate`, upon successful execution of this message, all the rewards of the delegator from the previous (source) validator will be withdrawn automatically to the delegator account.
```

| Auto Withdraw Rewards To Address #                                              | `tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].value` <br />where <br />`tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].type === "transfer" && tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "recipient"`. | String                        |
| Auto Withdraw Rewards From Address (Always the "distribution" module account) # | `tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].value` <br />where <br />`tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].type === "transfer" && tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "sender"`.    | String                        |
| Auto Withdraw Rewards Amount #                                                  | `tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].value` <br />where <br />`tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].type === "transfer" && tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "amount"`.    | String                        |

::: tip Note

> Tthere may be multiple auto rewards withdrawal happen. In such a case the `transfer` event will have the multiple `{"recipient":"","sender":"","amount":""}`. An example is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be multiple auto rewards withdrawals happen. In such a case, the `transfer` event will have the multiple `{"recipient":"","sender":"","amount":""}`. An example is
```

```
{
  "type": "transfer",
  "attributes": [
    {
      "key": "recipient",
      "value": "cro1hr6wx9mm6ycjr4x2p4ek4c9fl2prkxsx79y5qu"
    },
    {
      "key": "sender",
      "value": "cro1jv65s3grqf6v6jl3dp4t6c9t9rk99cd8lyv94w"
    },
    {
      "key": "amount",
      "value": "30763basecro"
    },
    {
      "key": "recipient",
      "value": "cro1hr6wx9mm6ycjr4x2p4ek4c9fl2prkxsx79y5qu"
    },
    {
      "key": "sender",
      "value": "cro1jv65s3grqf6v6jl3dp4t6c9t9rk99cd8lyv94w"
    },
    {
      "key": "amount",
      "value": "6881basecro"
    }
  ]
}
```
:::

[Top](#table-of-content)

### 5. MsgUndelegate

> - **Descriptions:** : Perform an undelegation from a delegate and a validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Descriptions**: Perform an undelegation from a delegate and a validator.
```

>     Note that the funds is moved between module accounts upon a `MsgUndelegate` message execute. The funds movement to the user account happens only when the unbond completes. For details you can refer to the [next section](#_5b-upon-msgundelegate-completed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the funds are moved between module accounts upon a `MsgUndelegate` message execute. The funds movement to the user account happens only when the unbond completes. For details you can refer to the [next section](#_5b-upon-msgundelegate-completed).
```

| Auto Withdraw Rewards From Address (Always the "distribution" module account) # | `tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].value` <br />where <br />`tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].type === "transfer" && tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "sender"`.    | String                        |
| Auto Withdraw Rewards Amount #                                                  | `tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].value` <br />where <br />`tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].type === "transfer" && tx_response.logs[message_index].events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "amount"`.    | String                        |

:::tip Note: 
Similar to MsgBeginRedelegate, there may be multiple auto rewards withdrawal happen. In such a case the `transfer` event will have the multiple `{"recipient":"","sender":"","amount":""}`.
:::

[Top](#table-of-content)

### 5b. Upon MsgUndelegate completed

> - **Descriptions:** : The undelegation is completed on the first block after the "Unbond Completion Time", in which there will be a special event in the Tendermint Block Results API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Descriptions**: The undelegation is completed on the first block after the "Unbond Completion Time", in which there will be a special event in the Tendermint Block Results API.
```

- Funds movement: No  (Pay for fee only)

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Protobuf

```go
type MsgUnjail struct {
	ValidatorAddr string `protobuf:"bytes,1,opt,name=validator_addr,json=validatorAddr,proto3" json:"address" yaml:"address"`
}
```

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Example

Cosmos Transaction Query API: [https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/tx/v1beta1/txs/58BF8EBD17FF9500F395E4A9B2AE93EF21306E5706B3EC31CE116654D78B8684](https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/tx/v1beta1/txs/58BF8EBD17FF9500F395E4A9B2AE93EF21306E5706B3EC31CE116654D78B8684)

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Details

TODO

### 2. Being Jailed and Slashed

A validator can get jailed for two reason:

1. Liveness
2. Double sign

#### Liveness

Liveness issue occurs when the validator failed to sign 50%\* of the blocks in a 5000# blocks sliding window.

Upon a validator committing liveness issue, the validator is jailed for 24 hours (85400 seconds#).

\# The liveness metrics and the penalty is subject to the network parameters to be explained in the [details section](#details-params)

#### Double Sign

Double sign occurs when a validator attempt to provide multiple signatures of the same block height.

> This is considered as a serious fault and upon committing the validator will got jailed forever and got slashed for 5% of the total staking#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is considered as a serious fault and upon committing the validator will get jailed forever and got slashed for 5% of the total staking#.
```

	Proposer       string                                   `protobuf:"bytes,3,opt,name=proposer,proto3" json:"proposer,omitempty"`
}
```

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Example

Cosmos Transaction Query API: https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/tx/v1beta1/txs/9CCC988616344C804E8831B6FC6BECD6FD0F815E4E3FF13BDE6B7F8360BF0050

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Details

| Detail               | Accessor                                                                               | Type                        |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| Transaction Type     | `tx.body.messages[message_index]["@type"] === "/cosmos.gov.v1beta1.MsgSubmitProposal"` | String                      |
| Deposit From Address | `tx.body.messages[message_index].porposer`                                             | String                      |
| Deposit Amount       | `tx.body.messages[message_index].initial_deposit`                                      | [Asset Array](#_2-array) |

> ### 1b. Community Pool Spend Proposal

Reviewer: missing 1a

}
```

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Example

Cosmos Transaction Query API: [https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/tx/v1beta1/txs/9CCC988616344C804E8831B6FC6BECD6FD0F815E4E3FF13BDE6B7F8360BF0050](https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/tx/v1beta1/txs/9CCC988616344C804E8831B6FC6BECD6FD0F815E4E3FF13BDE6B7F8360BF0050)

<!-- omit in toc -->

#### Details

| Detail               | Accessor                                                                        | Type                        |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| Transaction Type     | `tx.body.messages[message_index]["@type"] === "/cosmos.gov.v1beta1.MsgDeposit"` | String                      |
| Deposit From Address | `tx.body.messages[message_index].depositor`                                     | String                      |
| Deposit Amount       | `tx.body.messages[message_index].amount`                                        | [Asset Array](#_2-array) |

[Top](#table-of-content)

### 2a. Burn Proposal's Deposit if Proposal does not Get Enough Deposit

> If a proposal does not meet the depsoit requirement after the deposit period, the deposit will **NOT** be returned to the depositors. Those deposits **will be burnt** from the "gov" module account as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a proposal does not meet the deposit requirement after the deposit period, the deposit will **NOT** be returned to the depositors. Those deposits **will be burnt** from the "gov" module account as well.
```

The latest deposit requirement ("min_deposit") and deposit period ("max_deposit_period") can be checked on https://mainnet.crypto.org:1317/cosmos/gov/v1beta1/params/deposit. Note that they are network parameters and may change over time after governance proposals.

> To monitor a proposal becomes inacitve, it can be detected by monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API. However, for the amount of deposit burnt, you have to keep track of the deposits made to the proposal before. Note that this operation does not involve any user account as the deposits are burnt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor a proposal that becomes inactive, it can be detected by monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API. However, for the amount of deposit burnt, you have to keep track of the deposits made to the proposal before. Note that this operation does not involve any user account as the deposits are burnt.
```

| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| Proposal Id                | `Base64Decode(.result.end_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value) === "{gov module account}"` <br />where <br />`.result.end_block_events[event_index].type === "inactive_proposal" && .result.Base64Decode(end_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key) === "proposal_id"`. | String |
| Assert Proposal is Dropped | `Base64Decode(.result.end_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].value === "proposal_dropped")` <br />where <br />`.result.end_block_events[event_index].type === "inactive_proposal" && Base64Decode(.result.end_block_events[event_index].attributes[attribute_index].key === "proposal_result"`). | String |

### 2b. Return Proposal's Deposit

> There are a few cases where a proposal deposits will be returned to the depositors. For details, plesae refer to [Proposal Result](#4-proposal-result).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few cases where proposal deposits will be returned to the depositors. For details, please refer to [Proposal Result](#4-proposal-result).
```

> The return deposit can be detected from monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned deposit can be detected from monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API.
```

Note that there may be multiple depositors of a proposal, so the event may appears multiple times.

```json
[
  {
    "type": "transfer",
    "attributes": [
      {
        "key": "recipient",
        "value": "cro15d0esada05wx4lpncp5vmwmzgrcnu3cu5xfy9w",
        "index": true
      },
      {
        "key": "sender",
        "value": "cro10d07y265gmmuvt4z0w9aw880jnsr700jzemu2z",
        "index": true
      },
      {
        "key": "amount",
        "value": "1000000000basecro",
        "index": true
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "type": "transfer",
    "attributes": [
      {
        "key": "recipient",
        "value": "cro1meq5gd2fwjcav8n0nynwelusm9hrngwglvp426",
        "index": true
      },
      {
        "key": "sender",
        "value": "cro10d07y265gmmuvt4z0w9aw880jnsr700jzemu2z",
        "index": true
      },
      {
        "key": "amount",
        "value": "2000000000000basecro",
        "index": true
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

[Top](#table-of-content)

### 2c. Burn Proposal's Deposit

> There are a few cases where a proposal deposits will be burnt. For details, plesae refer to [Proposal Result](#4-proposal-result) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few cases where proposal deposits will be burnt. For details, please refer to [Proposal Result](#4-proposal-result) for more details.
```

> If a proposal does not get enought votes that exceed the "quorum" or has the "No with Veto" votes exceed the "veto_threshold", the deposit will **NOT** be returned to the depositors. Those deposits **will be burnt** from the "gov" module account as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a proposal does not get enough votes that exceed the "quorum" or has the "No with Veto" votes exceed the "veto_threshold", the deposit will **NOT** be returned to the depositors. Those deposits **will be burnt** from the "gov" module account as well.
```

> To monitor a proposal got rejected and deposits got burned, it can be detected by monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API. There will be an "proposal_result" event marking the proposal as rejected, and different from [Return Proposal's Deposit](#2b-return-proposals-depsoit), there will be **NO** transfer event in the `end_block_results`, which means the deposits is **NOT** returned and is burnt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor a proposal that got rejected and deposits got burned, it can be detected by monitoring the `end_block_events` in Tendermint Block Results API. There will be a "proposal_result" event marking the proposal as rejected, and different from [Return Proposal's Deposit](#2b-return-proposals-depsoit), there will be **NO** transfer event in the `end_block_results`, which means the deposits is **NOT** returned and is burnt.
```
